They actually colored that
building blue to honor Pfizer's new new booster shot that's not that's not a
joke that's really why that's up on the screen ladies and gentlemen just in case
you were wondering that blue building is really to celebrate Pfizer's new
booster shot.
And all the time it was Wiggles who made that black knight come to life and
there was no legend. Positively not Wiggles just used the story to cover up
my mysterious disappearance somehow he managed to get into the armor down at
the train station and like on the way to the museum he made you disappear.
Mhm Mhm Mhm Whoa Sexy's bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat
That screw before you.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, this is Giga Home Biological and High-Resistance
Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist the 19th of September, 2023.
We are still trying to break through this, this controlled spectrum of debate around
gain of function viruses and pandemics and public health and data.
There was no spread in New York City, there was no real threat except for infectious clones,
placebo batches have made everything much more confusing and transfection and healthy
animals is dumb, I gotta get the timing of this song down a little bit, the song is
a little bit harder to time than the ABC Monday Night Football because I have 14 more seconds
in that one and it enables me to get here faster.
As you can hear, I'm a little bit short of breath sometimes, I'm not really sure why
that is, it's a combination of not riding my bike and other bad habits I'm sure, but we're working
on that, we're working on a little more exercise and a little more movement, it's working at home
is not necessarily the ideal thing, you can move from one floor to the next floor and that can be
your existence for the entire week, so you gotta be careful as they've locked us in our houses
with this new normal, not to get trapped in that, don't take the bait on social media, on TV of
course is our evening message always, if you forgot or missed it, last night we covered a Twiv episode,
I thought it was a very very nice episode, they covered some things about antibodies which allowed
me to segue nicely into talking about how antibodies aren't as simple as the linear aspect of the
protein that you're making immune memory to and that really makes for an interesting discussion
because again, they're working all the time to simplify it as much as they can and in reality,
that's exactly the illusion that we're trying to break. They also talked about CRISPR engineering
and RNA viruses and they glossed over the fact that in all of these experiments they're
generating a pure RNA sequence that they then edit and that pure sequence has to be
some kind of clone, it's using recombinant DNA technology to generate a pure RNA molecule that
they can then edit under the pretense that they can edit RNA viruses but again the point is
is that that's the only way they can work on RNA viruses and so adapting CRISPR to RNA viruses
still hasn't changed the fact that in order to work on them you've got to go back to DNA and make
large quantities of them and so I've been trying to convince you over the last year or so and
this finally dawned on me that these people have changed the way that we think about certain
aspects of biology especially our response to a respiratory virus the way our immune system works
in response to a virus versus vaccination and why transfection could not be vaccination.
They've also made it very hard or at least made no effort to help people to understand the
cycle of life as it works in America. The real reality of it is that everybody that's watching
this stream is going to be dead in a hundred years and so there's some math that goes along
with a country of 340 odd million people and that math is that about three million people die every
year and so when they started telling us about thousands of people dying every week of COVID
if they would have put it in the correct context they would have first told you how many people
die on average every week of different causes and they didn't do that because the motivation
was to confuse you about these things so that they could institute all kinds of changes in our
society and in the short term they really institute changes in the way that we treated these people
so that what was normally a pretty fixed survival rate of secondary pneumonia
was doubled and tripled in terms of not surviving rather the the kill rate of pneumonia was doubled
or tripled in many of these places because the protocols were wholly inappropriate based on the
idea that this novel virus left us clueless as to how to treat these symptomologies that we were
seeing and so that's that's the trick right that was the trick about controlling the narrative
that was the trick about you know this is a national security priority so we can't have anybody
off narrative we've got to make sure everybody stays on message but that created a combination
of political and socioeconomic and whatever other words you want to use to describe the incentives
which drove doctors to behave in a sort of group safe sort of way well if they're gonna all go
along with it then I have to go along with her I'm gonna lose my job and so that's how the scooby
do was then portrayed or dropped upon us right we have this situation where we have been duped
into thinking that this elaborate cover-up occurred and that everybody is now slowly coming
to realize that that America was involved that America funded it that it was a gain of function
virus and they knew it all along and now we find out that the CIA knew it all along
and so I've told you this many times they've lied to us about this pandemic potential in order
to invert our rights I've also told you many times that the people in the yellow stripe here are the
people that people mostly ignore because these people are questioning specifically the protocols
spread and the variants and everybody else who accepts that there was a virus and accepts that it
could be a gain of function accepts that it was allowed it could have been a lab leak and accepts
that it could come again tend to rise very well in their book sales and in their sub-stack
subscribers and they tend to stay away from questioning things like well how many people
did the protocols really kill how many opioid deaths are really roped into this every year
what does the disappearing flu really account for or not account for how many heart attacks were
rolled into this and what do the variants really mean so these questions are the ones
that Michael Eden and myself and Nick Hudson and others have posed as evidence for if you
don't have answers to these questions then maybe you've got to reevaluate you've got to back the
truck up and reevaluate what you think happened in these last three years and so we've been trying
to make a map of all the people that are involved and we've been trying to you know just sort of see
who is more or less on faith faith is includes the novel virus we had to do something the mRNA
was rushed and it could come again because it's a gain of function virus
recently i had a little run-in with a guy by the name of robin matunati he's a man
manati he's an architect from Italy and he's a an acquaintance of Michael Eden
and he ended up blocking me i can tell you from conversations and private messages and
everything that it's fine to put him down here it turns out he may have been a medler for a while
and actually keeping more or less as a gatekeeper of Michael Eden on telegram and other places
and so we have slowly but surely been hammering through trying to find good people like
professor martin niel i think this guy's got his head in the right place and he's trying to
put put numbers in the right place and so he's another person i think you can start to follow
um so let's keep thinking about this and and keep pushing forward about the fact that they told
us a story and then they that was supposed to be a slide there with robert malone i don't know why
that wasn't there i think it's because it crashed okay so anyway then they rolled out all these people
on that screen or those screens back there and keep in mind i just want to say this before i
bring in my guest there is a possibility that a lot of these people meant well like pere cori for
example went to new york really wanted to help and then got you know sort of like met in a private
room and said okay dude here's the thing and now you know pere cori is is not going to question the
major tenements of the faith because he was told very early on that this is a national security
thing and there's no screwing around here and there's lots of people that may have been told
that and so you can't think of these you can't think of and i want to prevent you from jumping to
the conclusion that i'm saying that all these people are in on it and they're all having a
you know hot tub parties and steak dinners in the background um i do think that there are a lot of
people who've meant well who've been co-opted who've been threatened who've been
you know lost everything and so this is this is all they've got left
um so a transfection is not immunization intra-uscular injection it's not a valid means of the
immunization and tonight i have a guest um his name is mark koolack and he has a website
hisatonicids.com and he has been a good friend of mine for quite some time now actually since the
start not since the start of the pandemic but since we first got here and actually i just
wanted to say that um tomorrow mark um turns 50 and so i thought that you know instead of instead
of interviewing him i would have a little surprise birthday party for mark um and so i guess it
looks like our first guest is already here um hi vira how are you great to be here hey that's so
nice to be enjoying i mean we talked on the phone but we haven't yet connected really uh but i'm
offering to people who have open minds i'm not a scientist hey no but i connect docs
it's sort of something i do and it's it's especially useful in these times people need to look
out of the box not in the box and the problem is that most of seeing the world through the box
now i live in new york city so i can tell you that more people are now back in the masks than they
were in june hmm voila it's like here we go again not many but enough to make me nervous you know
vira it's an honor uh thank you for joining wow what a what a cool little birthday gift
johnson thank you uh-huh it was it was a little idea between me and a friend that lives in your
house oh wow oh wow thank you sherry wow um wow well uh now i'm i'm especially thrilled that i didn't
why i didn't prepare anything specific because it would have been probably uh wouldn't have gone
down those paths anyways so yes fair we've had i think one or two great conversations
and um i mean given your background your experiences your losses and things would you've helped
bring light to i find you to be also open-minded to revisiting very challenging things and i that is
a very admirable skill i think that's actually not a skill we are born with um i remember um
my first two or three years i was working as a professional
uh one of the managers had some very it would in retrospect useful constructive criticism of
some stuff that i've been doing and i was so mad i got so snappy you know i was like what 26 or 27
at the time is i still i'm still embarrassed about it um it just takes time there's no
college program to learn how to be an analyst uh to uh you know to apply logical thinking skills
this is just something you find you learn and then you realize that boy the only person you really
need to prove wrong i'm not talking to you but just in general we need to prove wrong
ourselves because if you can prove yourself wrong first you will always be in front of everyone else
of course um so uh and anyways it's i'm sure that you probably share a lot of these lessons as well
and uh it's it's an honor thank you thank you for joining and thank you Jonathan thank you Cheryl
so what's uh what's the status of uh of your uh your manuscript beer can you update us at all on
that i mean how far halfway are we done you're waiting for me and then the whole thing's done
well you know i mean uh for those who know about the documentary never again is now global
um what's interesting about that really is that more and more are we allowed to use it can we
re-stream it if i re absolutely absolutely we're not out to make money on this i want i really want
billions to see if the truth be told i don't know if we can get there then i have to put it on the
stuff oh i think it's uh the reason that it's important is because most people who know a little
bit you know about World War II and all that they think they know but they really don't know
what they don't know is the pattern that's been going along since you know very long time
and that today really what the way in the the same people the same mindset the same dynasties
the same corporations the same banks they're all the same it's a it's an ongoing thread
and what people don't really what they cannot comprehend today is the sadism the pre-planned
going along by the way they cannot believe that and what's so those who do start to realize it
recognize that what happened then was planned and and you know i mean really one c was you know
now we do the final solution before that that wasn't on the table and we have that now we've got
you know the children the children of your own nation see they it's spread further it's metastasized
and there are some people who are awake who actually recognize hey this is like you're it's in the
air there are some people who are beginning to really realize that there are parallels i don't
have to tell them that in the beginning i did and i can tell you that in 2020 when i first started
to say hey this these murderous protocols and hospitals were just like t4 i mean really people
in sort of our uh million they said oh well you don't mean that they just you know they didn't know
i said no like governor Cuomo said precisely this virus in nursing homes will be like fire
through dry grass so i guess he knew what he was doing because he only issued the order after he
said that you know but people didn't want to believe that that kind of evil exists now and
this is what i think is the hardest thing to bring across that yes that Nazi mindset is alive
and thriving and it it's it's in a much larger venue now it's global now they don't want just
Europe they want the entire global human population this is very hard for people to
grass they really don't want to know that we use the word evil and i mean i would agree but
could you could you comment a little bit more on that because when you know what we have a
Hollywood you know caricature of what it's like to be evil you know to just you just want to
torture puppies just just intentionally do awful things but evil is is is is the dehumanization
of people by people who might themselves not see it as evil they they must you know i believe
many many sleep at night thinking they must have done the right thing or
i don't know do many people in these machines who are behind this do they just not recognize
it i mean how do they talk themselves into participating i would say to you just look at the
children what they're doing to children the trafficking of children the transgendering of
children now they've gone further than the Nazis and because this is now all you know all
children are at risk and think about it they're now actually i don't know if they'll really get
to do it because they they have a lot of delusions about what they can and can't do
but now that they're toying around with birthing outside of the womb so this is a slave
you know a slave labor in the making oh man both sex slaves and worker slaves i mean
you can't get worse than that really and so that cannot be like oh it happened chance we didn't
know it would go that far no they really have been working at it i'm shocked i'm shocked i mean
really to go that far to change the human species that's what they want they want to eliminate
unpredictability and individuals are unpredictable crowds they know how to take care of how to
control but it's people like us that that really are bothering them look we're the control group
as far as the shots go they got rid of it finally got rid of the control group right away because
they realized oh this isn't going to look good but we're there so we're in the crosshairs
this is evil incarnate i don't think there's ever been anything more evil in a planned way really
you know a real cabal sitting down every so often on this and that i mean they're not intense but
you know but just as you know the vatican for vatican too you know they went into the catacombs
to talk about that to plan it because again they knew that anywhere else it wasn't safe but they
could be listened to but the catacombs that's where they cooked it up so they are very aware that
they're doing evil that's what i'm trying to say they're not they might speak to us in terms that
oh well we're trying our best you know this is for humanity and all that but by themselves
they really know what they're doing it is really hard though verifor you've you said it correctly
it's really hard for people to accept that level of malevolence that's right and the idea
that people can go on tv and lie like that they just don't believe it i know well there is that
meme that says you know the devil is so happy that the one thing he was able to pull the wool
over everybody is that he doesn't exist it's really subtle truth people cannot believe that other
human beings are truly evil they can't because they're not evil you know they do things to skirt
you know a uh law or or this or that and they they know how to cheat a little bit and not tell
their you know the irs and whatever but those are small things they cannot accept that people
actually plan evil you know to turn the world around and all that but that's a fact and unless
we recognize it and fight it with you know the kind of ammunition that we need to they would win
and if they win that's the end of the human species life wouldn't be worth living under those really
well we can end the show right now thank you very much for joining us everybody that was
the message for the night for me but you know i it's still a birthday party so we got to keep it
going yep let's keep it's light no it isn't it's hard to be light mark and i together it's hard to be
light um because we've been working together now for a little while behind the scenes with regard
to just checking one another's work and and making sure that we're not going crazy and uh
and um i have a lot to be thankful for with mark so i'm really um i really want this to be uh
a time when at least i'm testifying to the idea that this is a good guy and i'm really uh
i'm really thankful he's on our team so happy birthday mark tomorrow and i think who is that
down there is that rebecca i i don't know if i can hear you yet or not
uh-huh happy birthday mark thank you rebecca wow wow
oh uh this is the uh the new uh the florida uh with the horse ranch yeah
wow what thank you for joining thank you this is wonderful uh we uh talk about your story
a lot it's a very important story it's always in our in our minds and i i'm sure i'm speaking for
you uh as well jonathan how have you been we actually that's a crazy question because we were emailing
today yeah uh you're the best i can i have my moments um nice meeting you vira
vira we i sorry this is kind of an off subject thing but are you going to the chd conference in
in georgia do you know savannah yeah you are okay okay actually actually the secret is out there
sort of honoring me and i don't know what i'm supposed to do but you know uh but you know they
need a poll to get people to come and all that um yeah no and i haven't been to savannah i always
wanted to actually you know the south i like stuff early on i we used to go to the south quite
often when my husband was a an accountant at that time and uh what i discovered early on and this
is relevant to today is that the south and this is in the sixties um when the supreme court came
down with some rulings such as interstate highways cannot have uh segregation in like motels and
things like that they just like that they law about it this was at the same time where all kinds of
riots were going on in boston about school integration and i came back from the south and
said you know what in the south when a law is becomes down they abide by the law
here in the north it's a whole different ball game they don't abide they they riot they
i mean somebody like tribe who was a liberal liberal you know it was supposed to be a little
a school for a few little black boys 11 years old next to him oh no he was part of the community
that oh no this will be a traffic jams and all kinds of things hey uh-uh i realized
that southerners somehow or other i mean you know they're more law abiding when the law came down
they abide it one of the things that i think and i don't think many people have thought about
that at all which is that in the south especially you know middle and upper class they had nannies
children were brought up by nannies black nannies it was the nanny who kissed your knee when you fell
and scraped it it was a nanny who fed you it was a nanny they had human interaction in the north
you never did human interaction one-on-one you know embrace physical all that is very important
for people for little people and older people and you know and i think we need to sort of think
about that when we make all these different plans you know because the plans just like
Stalin's plans you know the 10-year plan the 20-year plan they were total disasters
all centralized plans are disasters it's the one-on-one that either makes it or breaks
and that's really something that i think we should all kind of try to emphasize because it gets back
to the human the individual just as the hypocritical this it's a one-on-one
it's not public health it's not the greater good it's the individual
and they've managed to you know really move away from that as if that's more scientific
oh you should hear the latest paul off it where he's talking about how he doesn't think it's a very
religious idea to go without vaccination because that's not protecting your neighbor and uh there
we go again so like you know real twisting of a of a of a christian ideal or whatever ideal it
is but i mean it was really bad it was really bad oh my goodness but they have convinced young
people that this is sort of a a logical way of thinking which
they they don't understand what they're what they're surrendering when they do that and that
individualism doesn't mean that you don't love your neighbor it means that
you have a sense of what's sacred and it's it's a different thing it's very very
I've minded there now and they're taking advantage of uh the the good nature i believe of most
people i mean that the old the analogy you know if you're in a boat in middle of the ocean you
only got so much food you have to make tough choices and most people have compassion and can
make tough decisions and and then you present people with these hypothetical situations of wow
everyone's going to die unless this medical procedure is done which if that was absolutely true
you know we could have a discussion but you're taking advantage of people's you know uh
willingness or just you know to uh to make you know to work with the greater good i think most
people have that capacity but it's being taken advantage of and it's such a slippery slope and
that's with all the what the science says always air quoted the science um it's it's it's it's too
bad and i i still remember being a child seeing uh you know my grandparents subscribing to the
national geographic hall it's like every few years it went between you know it was going to be a
everything's going to be a desert then it's everything's going to be freezing everything's
going to be underwater you know of course you're growing up as a kid like well i don't want that
i'll do whatever i need to do here we are and then we had a muggy summer what does that mean
by the way i don't know about the rest of the country but in new york this summer has been
the coolest ever august was totally cool wow yeah that's global warming
you know i mean really it's it's amazing september has been warmer than august that's not
usual really but you know but it happens things go up down up down up down
the weather is changing on every planet yeah in the entire universe it would actually be odd if
there was one planet that never had a change in temperature anymore that would actually be
unusual well question is is it risk is it all caused by uh people's desire in the brassica
to drive pickup trucks or not that's really what it comes down to it's not that dissimilar to what
they did with the pandemic though where where you have this list of of reasons why people died
and with the television and social media they convinced you that the number one reason why people
died was a virus and all these other things are minor contributors and with global warming
they've convinced you that carbon dioxide from burning things is the major cause of global warming
and it has nothing to do with geothermal activity in the ocean or the ocean releasing co2 from ph change
or from changes in in annual solar energy or for the amount of water vapor in the air the
all these things that matter so much more than the co2 and yet somehow they've convinced us that
this signal is the one that shows the whole story very much similar to the the variant map
of of covid-19 shows the whole story of the pandemic it's it's it's a very very
much mythology based kind of governance at this stage
so who else is here now Rebecca's here who is galaxy a 11 is that Marie
oh my goodness i thought that was that was that Marie is that you
you got to come online though you're muted i also just sent an out to all my subscribers so
there could be just some people that want to come and say happy birthday to so i don't know
who else will be here Marie are still muted tech problems
there we go is that better can you hear me yes yes i can well happy birthday mark
happy long conversation thank you i i don't i don't want to reiterate but
i really do hope you have a wonderful day you are
one of the good men in this fight and
you guys are killing me here well you are and and it's very important
um i vira i'm also from originally from new york so i understand exactly what you're saying
um about the sixties yep remember it well and um it is you know the seed that you and i plant
right now that are extremely important because these folks are going to really carry the burden
yep so Jonathan and i have these debates where
since we work together really well we've developed more and more trust of you know for each other
and there were quite a few people that worked worked enthusiastically to get us to not trust
each other and i mean we have differences opinions on things but you know whatever
that's healthy um and we wonder if because i've i've hypothesized that the internet
can segment people it can partition things in a way where there could be another very productive
pocket of people maybe over here that somehow our little networks just haven't connected so
um that could be the case or i don't know maybe it is just Jonathan and me
but working with you guys as well um and you know we try to stay positive even though there's a
lot of negative stuff going on right now and boy you're this is this is the group you guys are
the people that i think about all day in this particular fight
um and uh i guess i guess we're here i guess we're here john to you know guess i guess we're
going to distance a i think we are that's it yep that's it it's time to i think you have to think
of us more of like the the first few people in the lawn seats of a summer concert that stand up
and start dancing and just a few more people need to stand up and then and then it will become
um contagious that's my that's what i hope and pray
i hope so because there's a lot of intellectual horsepower out there that is either just doesn't
know it's still in the machine or it's just afraid to stand up and yeah you're gonna you're gonna
have a few tomatoes thrown at you it's gonna it's gonna sting a little bit um but you can get
through it uh boy i have so much more confidence in myself now than i did several years ago
i'm sure you feel the same way john you know even though you've taken a lot of hits for it
and i never thought we it would you know what i'm in my fifth year doing this full time basically
i wasn't the plan i just i just started doing some twitter searches you know a few years ago
i i didn't really have a particular plan and here we are i i don't think any one of us did
i don't think anyone here well perhaps you've been working at this a long time bureau but
you know five six years ago would have expected to make this much of a
uh dedicate this much of their lives to this particular cause or any cause like
speak to that vira tell me i mean a little bit about that because that's something that i think
about all the time i only woke up two years ago so you were speaking out about this nonsense for
much longer and and and at that time already i guess you were pretty convinced that that this was
this was highly incorrect um highly unethical um and so have you uh if from your perspective is
there a momentum that's building or are we just kidding ourselves well i'll tell you you know
i okay i mean some of you know my background but that wasn't i i did not appear most of my life
as holocaust survive that's really now in the last three years that was my background but
this was not something that i was advertising uh i bumped into the uh horror of
medicine you know uh pharma medicine kind of thing and pharma government medicine let's put it that
way uh when my son got sick when my son you know got schizophrenia and i had to deal with the mental
health system i had to learn it i had it and yeah i mean i was being trained by the advocacy
group alliance for mentally ill which was a parent organization but they really were totally
co-opted uh by the pharmaceutical and government it was a you cannot then array
and you know one of the things i remember one of the things for example which i know you're
gonna laugh but when i learned the phrase controlled clinical trial i said oh well that makes sense
companies control the clinical trials but i was all known on ovira that's not what it oh and i
was being taught you know the the line and all the different things and all that you know i was
going along because i was looking for help for my son but then when i and and and i have to say my
husband at eulogy of our son said we were his executioners because i was pushing i was helping
uh the psychiatry route to push the drug that wound up killing him
so that you know totally that just shattered everything and then i really realized i've got a
you know uh and most of the parents were all hoodwins that way and we have to understand that
all advocacy groups for specific illnesses are lobbyists they're being trained to be lobbyists
to go to congress and get more money for their particular illness that that's how they get the
parent groups but i did start to open my eyes to some of this
and i realized yeah this is this is you know i we're being we're being the executioners i mean
this is outrageous so i had to kind of leave you know that whole illusion which you know what it was
and and it was very very difficult i mean this is a terrible thing you can imagine i mean just as
parents now who have pushed their children to get the jabs when some of those children are going to
be hurt and some die whatever the some parents will go insane i absolutely am sure of it
they won't be able to cope with the guilt
uh but i guess i was in some way made you know something about me was strong and i am channeling
yet i'm trying to you know in a positive way to try to wake other people up to what is really
going on and you know and this thing with covid is just so overwhelming totally i mean the whole
globe is is in lockstep
this is the part that i wish we could bring across to people to just think how is it i mean
for example dr zebzalenko who features prominently in the documentary that i made
he said how is it that you could imagine that seven and a half billion people are all going
to march the same way i mean people don't agree with each other and the normal thing is you squabble
you fight you argue what the heck and yet though particularly the educated layer has put blinders
that they do not allow you to go near and this is brought home to me every single day about
the working class the minority groups they get it
they say oh you're talking about the fraud you know they they know
there's one thing for example the black community
you know Tuskegee is in their DNA and they have learned to not trust government and public
health just it's so fact though they don't trust it that's the smart whenever i address any group
like that i always tell them hold on to it don't ever lose that that's your best defense
and unfortunately most other groups particularly the more educated are completely they don't want
to believe it i have on my floor is a sale in new york city i have on my floor a neurologist
columbia university he's still wearing a mask okay think about it it means that he has never
touched a real piece of scientific evidence it's just amazing you know and there are others
like that for me why you were for a mathematician from cutie same thing she's wearing a mask
this tells you that i mean the dumbing down or the blockade of thinking is particularly has been
i think really it's been focused on the educators
the ones that educate others educated doesn't necessarily you would think it would translate
into having to perform at a very high intellectual level but it means that you have been
you've had the verses read to you repetitively and you should be proud that you believe and
support the verses whatever they are that's educated because i'll tell you what i mean if you
people who are working in a lot of the trades these days uh these these are not easy trades
anymore there's more computers involved in being an automotive technician or working HVAC these
days than there was working a mainframe 40 years ago and these trades very hard work and you tend
to have people that are more just more critical thinking and more skeptical there's other thing
the tradespeople every day have to make decisions all by themselves without a protocol that's pre
ordained that's true doctors and professors have it all given to them this is what you teach this
is what you do they don't have to think and so they've stopped even exercising that kind of
thinking all by themselves they trust authority actually i uh before uh think we have another
answer i've been all given to them this is what you teach this is what you do you know oh we got
a muter there she goes who's that i don't know who that is who who but that's the sad thing that
the longer you've been conditioned in a university the less you're likely to think independently
because you've learned because if i can fill in that blank a little bit from my own experience
because you've learned that it's safe to stay within your little tiny corner of expertise
and as long as covid wasn't your expertise you just assume that the experts whose expertise that
is are doing their job correctly and it's uh i really think that that's what they learn that's
what we were taught is you know how to find a little it's not not any different than what you
were mentioning a little while ago where people are are taught to advocate for their own little
disease and their own little cures for it and their own little uh investigative grants and this
kind of thing and it creates people who aren't actually thinking anymore it really does um
as they're not integrating across the whole anymore and so they don't see patterns of
incongruity they don't see these the ways that the system is gained
they're dependent on the system too remember the system rewards obedience
i have a question for uh just for Rebecca uh speaking of uh getting into the fight um
uh you had to fight a long time for your daughter Danielle and i learned today from our mutual
friend Marie that you actually were involved i think it was 15 or 20 years ago in New York City
in getting um uh i don't know if it was related to their education or their
some of the support program is that anything you could share just to show that
uh i mean unlike myself i've not really been a
uh you know an activist of sorts or involved in social causes but you have Rebecca in the past
yeah um well Danielle her birth she was delayed during delivery so she came out with oxygen
deprivation um and the doctors didn't tell me anything they all belong to the same group
so i never knew even though i kept asking what's wrong you know she's not doing as all the other
kids so just say oh no it's your baby and you know being a young mom and a trusting person to the
white coats i trusted the white coats um i believed it until she was two and a half it was getting
separated from my husband and i went to church and one of the women there said that does that mom
know that her baby has a form of CP and i didn't even know the that word lingo i knew nothing
and i just delved right into going in to get in tested and learning as much as i could and you
know always believe in she's gonna get better because that's i would never give up on her um
and then she started special ed and Schneider's at uh three years old at five years old when she
went into the special ed school right away it was drugs you know the one that rammed the severe
i mean got ritalin ritalin ritalin ritalin ritalin um then from ritalin it was ritalin
at a roll then it was another drug and i'm after the psychiatrist is this safe to do you keep
changing the medication put it up more and lessening and and um i i just you know being a healthy
person all the vitamins it was very strange we i never saw kids being on drugs in my life i
never saw that and um i always listen to gary knolls in the afternoon and coming home and this is
with the wake-up call for me when he said ritalin is a class two drugs if injected you would it would
give you a highest cocaine i was like that's where the doctor was given my daughter and i came home i
look at the pill and i said i couldn't take it i never took drugs and if i can't take it i can't
give it to my daughter and that's where my fight started so i started with a school you know
demanding that she don't take this drugs demanding that she has an aid with her to do whatever she
needs um she always got all her home cooked meals she never we never ate junk food so she's always
healthy and when i pulled her out of school i i took it to the institute of achievement
whether work with special eds and people at strokes in pennsylvania and they showed me that
she could change she could get better with special nutrition supplements um probiotics for the gods
and all these things um i decided that my daughter was not getting education in new york no she was
not so i pulled out the school and i demanded that she got trained at home you know the specialists
come home and they sent cps for me because now they're losing their money they're losing child
protection services for those who don't know yes a single mom with a daughter now and you know
one of the case managers said you know she said i could testify to this mom who would do anything
for a child and i never knew how bad cps was in fact i opened the door and let them in you know
not knowing how bad and and daniel was at that time she was eight and it was 2004 i started a
non-for-profit called child it child's hope for independence learning and development
and started training and bringing them from pennsylvania and trying to teach parents that
these children and to legal drug addicts and that's the first time i ever understood that
the pharmaceutical companies was given these short drugs keeping them subdued my daughter was
the best she ever been once i got her off of it she was herself she wasn't this you know
drugged up kid not knowing what to do and she has such a beautiful personality so um my fight
began there yeah yeah and i went to the school boards and i was having meetings with the
because they wanted to take me to court they didn't want to give me what i wanted and i went all
the way up you know to say okay now we're going to start a charter school called child they will
be able to get organic food no dairy and sugar and junk and they'll have all the exercise i'll
bring in you know the institute from pennsylvania to train the teachers i was going you know i
i believe in what is the right and i believe that children should never have to fall into
the cracks they are our future and i still have the non-for-profit
and be right just left new york last november i lived in york for 37 years i love new york until
it's not the same no not the same and what you say is absolutely i mean really the whole
covid thing it follows the playbook of the psychiatric stuff you really need to study the
psychiatric stuff in order to see what they're doing because with psychiatry first of all
psychiatrists never looked at their patients as human beings it's broken as damaged it damaged
goods you know really and so anything you do to them it really doesn't matter that's their
attitude it's really really true it's you know that's the nazi attitude these are you know throw
away mm-hmm let's face it your daughter my son that's the same thing once you realize that then
you realize this is the enemy because these are not doctors yeah he's in no way do they want to
you know fix things to help anyone they want to essentially ticker and see what you know
you touch this you you do a little a brain thing here i mean they're and they're doing they've
been doing all this not just in the united states in sweden for example this you know people go in
to the hospital to the carolinska and they come out with uh you know with something you know a
hole in their head because they've got all kinds of things put in there the children too
so there there are no holds barred when it comes to the psychiatric
patients and of course the children they're making them into psychiatric patients
by those drugs and drug cocktails it's gotten worse and worse and worse
it was a case in boston where you know the psychiatrist from harvard was prescribing all
these cocktails the child eventually died and the mother was blamed for murder
yeah that's how you do it you disqualify the mother and you just and the child doesn't matter
and nothing ever happened to the doctor yeah very very evil system and
people don't want to really realize it but it is and it's backed by universities
yep that's what gives it the cache yeah i truly believe the universities are just spit in
out natural born killers by the time they come out to university i mean they could rip a baby
out of the womb and suffocate it and kill it i mean they there's a psychopath that's uh i don't
care if you went to school you're a psychopath so it was very easy for them to kill our loved ones
in the hospital because they were training from the very young yeah they've divided you know the
human species into the valuable and disqualified that's exactly what the Nazis did
it really is exactly the same thing and you know the Nazis they began it wasn't
they didn't begin this with the jews they actually began it with german disabled the disabled babies
with the first but medically murdered victims anywhere and it you know they went up the
age group and and then then it was the elderly in nursing homes and so when in 2020 when i
realized how they were murdering the elderly in nursing you know all over the western
europe united states canada i immediately said oh that's t4 that was what it was called in germany
it was exactly not so i'm sorry uh jonathan i have talked a lot about this of how there's just a
an unquenchable thirst for people for sub test subjects there's never going to be
enough and it no one thought it would repeat but through this uh creation of larger-than-life
fears effectively everyone is now able to be accessed and harvested and used and it sounds
unbelievable and if some people want to participate in volunteering their data by all means it's a
free world just this haven't be above board that's all that's all we ask but john and i and i
john i does a good job at reminding the audience every night about the the demographic issue and
about how this is uh it's a long-term thing this isn't just a oh what did this one shot do oh no no
no no that is just one one pinprick of one platform for one test i mean there's a long series of
things which are who knows how long that chain is to do to extract more and more
data and to again i think they must have it they must believe that it's the right thing to do
um but uh as a movie that i've often quoted i know it's a crazy stupid movie but uh death
becomes there no matter what you do even if you can slow down the aging process there's a tree limb
or a slippery set of stairs out there for everyone so uh and and i guess they don't see it that way
i don't i don't know and it's amazing how it just brings out the worst in people and the worst of
people is to not see other people as the other as your siblings of god they're just they're just
data things they're it's that's the that's the evil the evil is the dehumanization
i see a no offense to the other wonderful women if i see one lovely woman there who is that Jonathan
um yeah i'm jumping in here because i have to jump back out i'm kind of crashing the party just
really quickly because i just wanted to say happy birthday to my wonderful husband
and i thought these lovely ladies and jay might like to see and i hope you can see this picture
this is mark and i on our very first christmas together
1998 mark was i think 24 and i was 32 yes i did rob the cradle as they say at the time i thought
i was out of my mind but um maybe i am i don't know but anyways i'm so proud of you
babe and um Vera and Maria and Rebecca i hear your stories around the dinner table often i feel
like i know all of you very well and i'm honored that my husband is spending his time and his energy
in this fight he is so dedicated to this and he thanks me all the time as if i need to be thanked
i mean this is such an incredible mission that he's on and i'm so um overwhelmed with respect
and admiration for what he's doing and i'm behind you every step of the way babe i love you so much
and um this is your he kept saying please tell me you're not having a party please tell me you're
not having a party with everything we have going on i wanted to have a big party
but this is it you can relax no one's gonna sneak out from behind hate surprises
thank you i love you jay has been my partner in crime and marie helped me in the background here
too and um happy birthday i love you i'm gonna go get toddler stuff together for tomorrow and
let you enjoy your guess
love you honey see you soon hi everybody hi charles
best smile of best smile of her soon first day i saw her in person i like wow that is the best
smile i've ever seen oh lucky thank you Jonathan yeah you're welcome man i'm glad this uh worked out
i uh i wasn't sure who would uh who would take the invitation and i didn't want to give everybody
everybody else's email so it was a little weird to invite everybody but um i'm extremely happy with
who came it's a very nice little group and uh most importantly i'm really happy that that
Vera you've been so on point for so long now um you know you it it's refreshing to hear
someone who can speak about the elephant from a different angle so eloquently um i i sort of
am always talking about it from the biology maybe that's the bottom end or something like that and
the experience i'll give you just a really short story the reason why Rodney Mullen the
great escape order of all time became my friend was because he was often opening
for these food conferences and for these TED Talks where these people were talking about
transhumanism and augmenting people and and using AI to find the flow state for for people to become
skillful you know and whatever and Rodney really wanted me to understand that these people really
believe in what they're doing and that you know as much as they present in public um they present
even more in private um what they have planned and why there's an abundance of resource that is
humans that might as well be used while they're there matrix is something like that yeah oh boy
yeah building on that uh there's a one-minute clip that i've shared so many times um of uh from
2016 it was in September it was Anthony Fauci who was picked to do a job he's not really the
criminal mastermind okay he's definitely in the position but he was picked you know before he
even knew what he was gonna have to do for a life living nonetheless he's totally complicit but
in Georgetown and they and they were having an event talking about Zika virus which as you may
remember was alleged to cause a particular um birth birth effect birth challenge i don't know
what the best word to use is of microcephaly uh if a pregnant woman were to be bit by a mosquito
carrying a Zika virus at a particular point during the pregnancy now putting aside the fact that
Zika virus is named after the Zika forest in Africa which is actually uh behind i believe a
Cumberland farms and is across the street from a school and no one in this entire village has
had any of these symptoms for the last hundred years aside from that okay and it going to Africa
and that then traveling across going to South America Fauci made a statement that
look uh because this uh virus was asymptomatic and everyone else okay it was just causing these
birth defects allegedly um and as a uh um what's his name uh was a uh Bach last name
Kent the Randy Bach has shown statistically it's been shown that there was there was almost no
actual elevated microcephaly in South America it was done done through statistics but what Fauci
said was the target of the Zika vaccine was not um pregnant women at all it was women of child
bearing age and what they're looking to do there is a belief that if you can call if you want to
protect again whatever uh the unborn against Zika virus you have to do it when the human is
one cell one cell in size so that the DNA modification ripples through and now this is the same
technology that the thinking of doing for RSV and it's like wow this is this is the modification
part and when I hear about the uh look there are certainly some miracles which can happen because
of the ability to have some children carried at certain times using machinery I think it's uh
it's an amazing investment that has helped some people uh however I fear that what they will look
at is like look there's only eight billion people in the world Americans are only having
three million children a year wouldn't it be just fantastic if we could have machines
fertilize a hundred thousand eggs at a time make a whole bunch of changes see what happens after a
few weeks and then flush it down the toilet and then and do it again and again and again and again
you don't need this you don't need this slave labor you just need more and more and more
humans to to to to collect the data from that is my particular spin on the the nightmarish
matrix scenario of again once you dehumanize all of this and it's like wow I could see something
like that and currently there's this I believe it's uh well incorrect misinformation if you will
of the the new vaccines causing a DNA change which I'm sure it could happen on a few cells but
one's entire body does not change it's DNA if some cells are augmented there can be cancers
there can be all kinds of other horrible things we don't know but the the language is very overly
simplified and getting people completely freaked out perhaps intentionally so they don't have
scientifically well grounded conversations Jonathan highlights this all the time uh the oversimplification
and you have to simplify so people can understand it but it's being done intentionally um so I know it's
um so I know it's a if I if I just if I just ask you one question uh and I know it's a little bit a little
bit a little bit of rabbit hole maybe it's just the answers yes or no since you're working on a book
you're working on a book called never again have you ever worked with collaborated with or have us
and or even just a story of dr David Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg David Hamburg who ran the
uh supposedly was one of the biggest uh fighters against genocide he was the president of the
Carnegie Institute for 15 years he's the father of Margaret Hamburg the FDA director um oh really
yeah and uh he saw he was a combination psychologist and geneticist uh kind of a big hitter but
he claims to have been a big fighter he got noble prizes for fighting against genocide and
I just don't really I can't measure but since in your line of work and research is that a name that
has come up as wow he's done a lot of good things or you just your response is saying that you're
not familiar which is amazing yeah it's interesting look I mean the people who are touted as the
you know authorities in very they not necessarily really the real movers and shakers those who um
look I mean the Holocaust is very politicized yes
the Holocaust has been very weaponized I mean the best examples is Germany you know in Germany
there are actually laws that criminalize anyone who mentions the Holocaust vis-a-vis anything
today or you know contemporary you're just not allowed to can I just interject here about Germany
when we were when I moved over there from my PhD and met my wife um and she lives in the south
of the Netherlands so it's really close to the German border and I don't remember what year it
was but I think it was it would have been like 2002 maybe that the World Cup was in Germany
and everybody in the Netherlands was commenting that it's the first time they had seen Germans
wave the German flag in years well what's your speaking about though it's the shame that they
have and the kind of you know long-term effect that that it just had it I don't know it anyway
sorry I didn't mean to interrupt no no but you see it's a quixotic thing at the same time they're
also full of the Ukrainian flags with the Nazi symbol I mean Bandera I visited the great one
I was in Germany for the first time in 2022 for the Nuremberg the 75th anniversary of the Nuremberg
code and I visited a few things and one of the things was also went to Munich and visited the
grave of Bandera and of Sophie Scholl it's the same different cemetery but in the same city and
what was really shocking was that Bandera has this whole where people are you know are
agulating I mean this is a place to go and worship it's full of regalia full of all sorts of things
that I'm saying to myself why is Germany hosting and probably paying for this I thought they're
anti-Nazi you see wow nothing is what it's stated to be and the point about the Holocaust being
weaponized is that it's being used to shut conversations about reality and about current or
anything under the umbrella of Holocaust so essentially a lot of institutions including Jewish
institutions have made the Holocaust irrelevant to history and that's the crime
the whole point of all these memorials and all of that is never going to remember to warn never
again you know but now it's never again is now and I call it global it's again it's
you know it's really ever only become clear to me right now that that message so you're really
saying that by making the Holocaust so special essentially you can never accuse it of occurring
again they've sort of made it impossible for us to say oh no it's really happening now no no it
it can't happen again or something yes it is and the point is that when more survivors were alive
and Ellie Bazel who was you know he was really the spokesman for the victims and he was a
Auschwitz survivor and a Nobel laureate and he chaired the president's commission for the
Holocaust was under Carter and they wrote a this is in 79 they wrote a
report to the president and the main thing was that they warned that the Nazi
threat is real now still and now you're not allowed to say that
and it's not the threat it's not the German threat if you watch a big modern video games
it's nothing but thousands of Aryan Germans just going around being awful people when we are finding
a lot of evidence of a lot of nations participating absolutely in in these events so it's all it's
wanted to be described as I mean that look the tragedy happened that's not what's up for debate
what's up for debate is how who participated was it you know blue collar factory workers in Germany
wasn't really their idea meanwhile we see we have finding receipts of the Rockefeller Institute
sending scientists in 1938-39 to Germany
that is the stuff that no one wants to talk about that it's ongoing it's in a continuous threat
and I say today it's the Nazi it's the heirs to the Nazis
Nazi is a culture it's a mindset it's an ideology it's not a you know German or this or that no
that's nonsense and really eugenics which is the foundation of Nazi is guess what British
it's the British until again so that came up with the theory the whole thing you know
applying the you know the animal Darwinism to people it's really the welcome trust
it's the welcome trust the welcome library the university college london and it's
I mean chadam house chadam house yep Rockefeller Foundation the Carnegie institution I can't
recommend enough this book called war against the weak it's eugenics in america's campaign to
create a master race it's unbelievable yeah well this is just it I mean Americans don't want to
know and neither do the British but yeah they're very complicit they were very complicit from
A to Z and the fact is that in 1938 a in avian there was a conference of 32 countries
the jewish problem and the question was whether they would take in
jews who tried to flee Germany and every one of those 32 country delegates said they couldn't take
a single Jew that's when Hitler said okay that's it they closed the gates no more exit
and then eventually you know the final solution but Hitler didn't dare do things
until he realized no one was going to object
the irony is that there are you know there is a resurrection of some you know
uh fascist in Germany you know and it's unfortunate that that's the strongest party
against the sitting government that's you know here we go again it's like either or and that
is how Hitler came to power too um that's really really unfortunate because the fact that there
isn't really a middle ground in other words there's a corruption of those who are in power and the
ones who want to get in are fascist
what do you do the fact is though the reality is that Germany right was not the only ones who
put this together they were totally financed and helped with the war machinery that they didn't have
Germany didn't have they didn't have the money and they didn't have the armament that was all
provided by the west this is this history no one wants to revisit that's right
so i'm the skunk at the tea party wherever i call it has to you know i mean
i'm hoping to meet you at the uh at the conference this year that would be uh that would be a blessing
um we're still all working our travel plans and stuff out but that would be fantastic
and i don't want to speak for anyone else here who may or may not be going i'll let you to self-identify
no i mean uh you know as uh JJ is saying you know we're working in a book which is never again
is now global genocide because that's what it is we've got to really understand that and
get people to realize it's that serious this is about genocide today
and i've and not some other time now if i could just say one thing i have watched so many Holocaust
movies and so many documentaries and i kind of believe that this is happening right now
and people are not believing it the same strategy
same same things happening i mean my my husband right now his grandmother was a Holocaust survivor
they hid in the you know from Germany through Poland left his mom in Poland with a farmer
you know they hid on the ground and just before the war ended they shot his grandfather
his mom survived his grandma survived i mean she died of one or two but i mean they had stories
to tell and the young people don't want to believe that this is happening this is really
genocide it is and the tragedy is that in israel they haven't learned the history yeah that's the
tragedy and um i just i just wanted to mention that in 1970 i was i was at dakau and i can remember
walking through the gates and you could no one spoke it was the most reverent hallowed ground
that you could walk on and i saw a video not long ago and i saw all these people walking
through laughing carrying on and and i actually it actually brought me to tears the stark difference
between 50 years ago basically and today yeah like veer is right we we you know the
we have we can't stop we just sometimes sometimes down to the same families
and this is the uh some of the work that i've been doing and other people i collaborate with the same
uh you know a polish scientist hillary kabrowski who i i'm not sure was a genuinely a refugee because there weren't many
i would just say escapees from poland in 1939 that we're able to move directly to
south america and start working for the rockafeller institute this is a couple questions there
but it was him in philadelphia as a senior person at the wister institute he was one of the three
people who's involved in the polio vaccines one of his versus salt and then years later he's a
co-founder i you don't have to remember these details but a company called centricore which was
one of the first companies to make monoclonal antibodies and then you follow that up and we
have people in our research today who are involved with these particular patent disputes of these
people i mean like one generation removed this isn't just uh you know just a particular theme i
mean this is this is a machine that's been ongoing and and yes i've seen the the prank photos of
people at the uh you know posing in particular ways ouch watson i i don't know it's just
disrespectful is not the right word you know i really that you have to do that for a laugh
i don't know i don't know what to say i don't know what to say i think that if you circle back to
what you just said before that it is really important to summarize that big bad big picture
idea that one of the the tricks to understanding what's going on here is that the people that are
involved in this have played a a multi-generational game that we don't we don't play i'm not playing
a game about my grandchildren right now i'm not positioning pieces on the board to make sure
that my grandchildren have is more wealth than i have now because i can't and so my game has played
you know weeks and and maybe months in the future whereas we are up against family dynasties that
have been playing multi-generational games for more than a few decades and so we can't underestimate
that that that's another reason why they don't mind lying to us because we're not part of that
group so it's not like lying to your family members it's uh i really think that that is a big part of
understanding this that we are not in that group you know not to keep quoting george carlin but
we're we're really not in that group we want to be but yes exactly yeah
well thank you well we made progress there's been more shown there's been more revealed
in the last uh well a couple of years um you know i i have to in spite of uh uh uh uh how
you know serious it's the the the costs have been uh you know globally and and what the situation
the world is in and to your point Vera's right but much has been acknowledged and it's going to be
a battle there's going to be a continuous battle to uh to clamp down uh the analysis the information
and we're just going to keep fighting to stay ahead of it to what point i don't know i don't know
how this ends maybe it never ends but all i know is we have to do our particular part the best we can
and hopefully you know you get the ball you carry it far enough and someone else will pick
it up at some point and uh uh if thank goodness jonathan's been in this there's so few people
in of his caliber that have you know and he's had a family that has been willing to go through
this with him boy it's uh because it's people are enforced like in the tech industry people are in
the whole system is designed to make you feel comfortable enough with your insurance and
your whatever your your your your salary and of course everyone's got a mortgage right
uh it's really um it's really hard to step out of it so i appreciate everything you do jonathan
and for taking an awful lot of punches thrown your way lately man though and i think we all see it
and we appreciate it but the punches are something that you know i think
um the allegory of the cave is often a story that isn't finished because they tell the story of the
people in the cave and they tell the story of the shadows and they tell the story of somebody
getting out of the cave and then realizing that they're in the cave but the story actually goes on
in that book because the guy goes back into the cave to try and tell the people in the cave what he
saw and when he comes back into the cave his eyes are now adjusted to the outside and so he can't
see the shadows on the wall anymore and so the people that are still in the cave think he's lost
his mind because what he used to be able to see on the wall and agree on he can't see it anymore
and so there is a time in every sort of philosopher or leader's life where this arc of a hero you have
to go through this pain of going back into the cave and having people reject the truth
and so vira maybe more than anybody can tell us that that's what we're going through right now
that people have to reject the truth before they're gonna they're gonna pull themselves out of the
cave but you know bobby kennedy said something which is true uh we have to do what sisyphus did
even though it's totally frustrating keep lugging that rock up and then it rolls down and over and
over you have to do what you have to do we cannot tell we cannot foresee what may actually change
things what will cause you know what will ignite something we cannot predict that so all we can do
is what we can do and if we don't it's you know i mean then we can't blame anyone
for the bad turnout if we participate if we do what we think is right to do what we can
and you really i don't think anybody can foretell which
which action which pullback which anything will change the equation we can't predict that you
really can't but if enough of us do it something is going to work and we we saw that actually that
i think the turning point in this covid thing was when the fda said yeah it's okay to inject the
six-month-olds the mamas woke up all of a sudden the mamas woke up they had to close clinics in
new york and not only that but as a result of this whole thing the mamas aren't bringing the
children for their childhood schedule either maybe they're realizing hey maybe we shouldn't do
this either they overplayed their cards i don't think we've taken as much advantage of this thing
as we should but we need to understand this is their weak spot the mamas so while they're trying
to eliminate you know i don't know if any of you saw you know this thing about
i i don't know a whole hour he goes around all over the world what's the definition of a woman
and nobody can tell him what you're talking about it's great you know suddenly you know kindergarten
stuff then nobody can you're not allowed to that's why they they know you know they're being restricted
from saying what's the difference between a man and woman all right one of the things i could
tell you somebody who is doing a chapter in my book kenzi was the beginning of this stuff kenzi
the revolution in sex is so-called scientific revolution it was all fraud are you surprised of
course not of course not but that's the truth it was all fraud and kenzi had one chapter there that
nobody paid attention to and that was that he relied on a nazi a nazi pedophile i mean one of the
worst for claiming the that the infant is sexual they tortured little children infants masturbating
them all night and hours and hours and hours in you know rooms that were
uh what do you call them what they use in psych wards and stuff you know where they're
pattering you can't hear the noise but you can imagine and just think about it and and this is all
very carefully documented how many children which how long it took and all this kind of
it's horrific it's not and he was a nazi and kenzi traveled to him to get the data and that's what
he used in his book to start the ball rolling the children infants are sexual see it laid the
groundwork for what's going on now with the transgender and all this this is no it's it's
really the degradation of the human being just unbelievable it's a long game though and that's
the part that a lot of people have a hard time believing that it's such a long game but it really
has been it has been a long game it's unbelievable and i know i have gay friends and they're horrified
by this whole thing absolutely horrible what children dry queens children i mean it just
i mean the few gay friends that i have that are my age are all convinced that if they would have
been young in this time somebody would have cut them because they were so
influenceable and if that was an option that was drilled into them you know
with Facebook and whatever else who knows what have happened to them
and you know it's already a struggle to to find yourself as a homosexual never mind
when the society is telling you that there's this infinite spectrum and you might be lost on it
it's look i mean this is really uh the demolition of the human species but it's both morally and
actually physically yeah and spiritually really that's the worst it's a complete take down yeah
and you know we read just you to prevent it i mean who else right i know it seems like we're a
raggedy tag but you know um as i said you know the mamas and i do think that i think the united
states those those um silent majority what we used to call that's what we have to look to
they're also armed by the way no one else in the world is
never until now did i come to realize how important that second amendment is
because the way in which the media tries to paint the armed is as if they're all psychopaths
and they're going around shooting up with schools and all that that's not true it's not true at all
that second amendment is to protect you against government
it is that's right government and that's where we're up against now
so i really you know you're everyone looks really to the united states to get us out of
this and it behooves us because we've got us into this i mean whether we're on or whatever
we did it we launched this thing and now we've got to get us out of it i so agree
shall we uh shall we say it um say happy birthday to mark and uh call in a show yep is that okay
vira thank you very much for joining me rebecca marie um jeff we didn't get to say hi to you but
you're welcome to say hi right now if you want hi jeff i care uh hey guys those are two of my
best supporters up in canada and i probably just probably want to tell you that they're
also very good fans of yours hi guys oh thank you thank you it's great to meet you all and
we've just been hunker and yeah just wonderful conversation the battle up there oh yeah we got
the one million march thing tomorrow we we discussed that this is probably just more division because
people are just they don't want to come together they exaggerate both sides they misinterpret
it's just brutal and uh but luckily luckily we had uh a divine connection to jonathan or kara did
a couple years ago that's kept our heads just kind of bobbing over the social of madness
and you know it's just don't get wrapped up in the in the hubbub too much you know just try and keep
and even keel you know because you need to conserve your energy it's been said tonight
already it just this is a long game and you just can't spend it all in one one shot but uh anyway
yeah thanks for thanks for the shout out thanks for the invite happy birthday mark and happy birthday
mark thank you thank you thank you guys thank you for being there and enriching my life and
and uh this is why i'm doing it for all of you thank you i love all you guys
i work close some more longer with you guys and i've been closer to you than any co-worker's i've
ever had in my life so thank you thank you jonathan you're very welcome mark thank you all for joining me
i'm gonna cut this show you guys can stay if you want to talk with mark afterward
um thanks very much for joining me everybody happy birthday to mark tomorrow and i'll see you
guys live tomorrow as well because every day we're on thanks very much good night everyone
good night hi mark hey hello still hanging on there how are you doing i'm doing okay
oh